2023
FORM 10-K
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
FORM 10-K
(Mark One)
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED MAY 31, 2023
OR
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM
TO
.
Oregon
Commission File No. 1-10635
NIKE, Inc.
(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation)
93-0584541
(IRS Employer Identification No.)
One Bowerman Drive, Beaverton, Oregon 97005-6453
(Address of principal executive offices and zip code)
(503) 671-6453
(Registrant's telephone number, including area code)
SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(B) OF THE ACT:
Class B Common Stock
(Title of each class)
NKE
(Trading symbol)
(Name of each exchange on which registered)
SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(G) OF THE ACT:
New York Stock Exchange
NONE
| Indicate by check mark: | YES | NO |
| • if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. | :selected: þ :unselected: ¨ |  |
| • if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. | :unselected: ¨ | :selected: þ |
| ● whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. | :selected: þ :unselected: ¨ |  |
| ● whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ($232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). | :selected: þ :unselected: ¨ |  |
| ● whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. |  |  |
| Large accelerated filer þ :selected: Accelerated filer :unselected: Non-accelerated filer :unselected: Smaller reporting company :unselected: | Emerging growth company :unselected: |  |
| • if an emerging growth company, if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. | :unselected: ¨ |  |
| ● whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. | :selected: þ |  |
| • if securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. | :unselected: ¨ |  |
| ● whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to § 240.10D-1(b). | :unselected: ¨ |  |
| . whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). | :unselected: ☐ :selected: þ |  |
| As of November 30, 2022, the aggregate market values of the Registrant's Common Stock held by non-affiliates were: |  |  |
| Class A | $ 7,831,564,572 |  |
| Class B | 136,467,702,472 |  |
|  | $ 144,299,267,044 |  |
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE:
Parts of Registrant's Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on September 12, 2023, are incorporated by reference into Part III
of this report.
| Class A | 304,897,252 |
| Class B | 1,225,074,356 |
|  | 1,529,971,608 |
NIKE, INC.
ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K
TABLE OF CONTENTS
|  |  | PAGE |
| PART I |  | 1 |
| ITEM 1. | Business | 1 |
|  | General | 1 |
|  | Products | 1 |
|  | Sales and Marketing | 2 |
|  | Our Markets | 2 |
|  | Significant Customer | 3 |
|  | Product Research, Design and Development | 3 |
|  | Manufacturing | 3 |
|  | International Operations and Trade | 4 |
|  | Competition | 5 |
|  | Trademarks and Patents | 5 |
|  | Human Capital Resources | 6 |
|  | Available Information and Websites | 7 |
|  | Information about our Executive Officers | 8 |
| ITEM 1A. Risk Factors |  | 9 |
| ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments |  | 24 |
| ITEM 2. Properties |  | 24 |
| ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings |  | 24 |
| ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures |  | 24 |
| PART II |  | 25 |
| ITEM 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities |  | 25 |
| ITEM 6. Reserved |  | 27 |
| ITEM 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations |  | 28 |
| ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk |  | 49 |
| ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data |  | 51 |
| ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure |  | 91 |
| ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures |  | 91 |
| ITEM 9B. Other Information |  | 91 |
| ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections |  | 91 |
| PART III |  | 92 |
| (Except for the information set forth under "Information about our Executive Officers" in Item 1 above, Part Ill is incorporated by reference from the Proxy Statement for the NIKE, Inc. 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.) |  |  |
| ITEM 10. | Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance | 92 |
| ITEM 11. Executive Compensation |  | 92 |
| ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters |  | 92 |
| ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence |  | 92 |
| ITEM 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services |  | 92 |
| PART IV |  | 93 |
| ITEM 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules |  | 93 |
| ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary |  | 97 |
| Signatures |  | 99 |
PART I
ITEM 1. BUSINESS
GENERAL
NIKE, Inc. was incorporated in 1967 under the laws of the State of Oregon. As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this
"Annual Report"), the terms "we," "us," "our," "NIKE" and the "Company" refer to NIKE, Inc. and its predecessors, subsidiaries
and affiliates, collectively, unless the context indicates otherwise.
Our principal business activity is the design, development and worldwide marketing and selling of athletic footwear, apparel,
equipment, accessories and services. NIKE is the largest seller of athletic footwear and apparel in the world. We sell our products
through NIKE Direct operations, which are comprised of both NIKE-owned retail stores and sales through our digital platforms
(also referred to as "NIKE Brand Digital"), to retail accounts and to a mix of independent distributors, licensees and sales
representatives in nearly all countries around the world. We also offer interactive consumer services and experiences through our
digital platforms. Nearly all of our products are manufactured by independent contractors. Nearly all footwear and apparel
products are manufactured outside the United States, while equipment products are manufactured both in the United States and
abroad.
All references to fiscal 2023, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are to NIKE, Inc.'s fiscal years ended May 31, 2023, 2022, 2021 and 2020,
respectively. Any references to other fiscal years refer to a fiscal year ending on May 31 of that year.
PRODUCTS
Our NIKE Brand product offerings are aligned around our consumer construct focused on Men's, Women's and Kids'. We also
design products specifically for the Jordan Brand and Converse. We believe this approach allows us to create products that
better meet individual consumer needs while accelerating our largest growth opportunities.
NIKE's athletic footwear products are designed primarily for specific athletic use, although a large percentage of the products are
worn for casual or leisure purposes. We place considerable emphasis on innovation and high-quality construction in the
development and manufacturing of our products. Our Men's, Women's and Jordan Brand footwear products currently lead in
footwear sales and we expect them to continue to do so.
We also sell sports apparel, which features the same trademarks and are sold predominantly through the same marketing and
distribution channels as athletic footwear. Our sports apparel, similar to our athletic footwear products, is designed primarily for
athletic use, although many of the products are worn for casual or leisure purposes, and demonstrates our commitment to
innovation and high-quality construction. Our Men's and Women's apparel products currently lead in apparel sales and we expect
them to continue to do so. We often market footwear, apparel and accessories in "collections" of similar use or by category. We
also market apparel with licensed college and professional team and league logos.
We sell a line of performance equipment and accessories under the NIKE Brand name, including bags, socks, sport balls,
eyewear, timepieces, digital devices, bats, gloves, protective equipment and other equipment designed for sports activities. We
also sell small amounts of various plastic products to other manufacturers through our wholly-owned subsidiary, NIKE IHM, Inc.,
doing business as Air Manufacturing Innovation.
Our Jordan Brand designs, distributes and licenses athletic and casual footwear, apparel and accessories predominantly focused
on basketball performance and culture using the Jumpman trademark. Sales and operating results for Jordan Brand products are
reported within the respective NIKE Brand geographic operating segments.
Our wholly-owned subsidiary brand, Converse, headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts, designs, distributes and licenses
casual sneakers, apparel and accessories under the Converse, Chuck Taylor, All Star, One Star, Star Chevron and Jack Purcell
trademarks. Operating results of the Converse brand are reported on a stand-alone basis.
In addition to the products we sell to our wholesale customers and directly to consumers through our NIKE Direct operations, we
have also entered into license agreements that permit unaffiliated parties to manufacture and sell, using NIKE-owned trademarks,
certain apparel, digital devices and applications and other equipment designed for sports activities.
2023 FORM 10-K 1

PART I

ITEM 1. BUSINESS

GENERAL

PRODUCTS
We also offer interactive consumer services and experiences as well as digital products through our digital platforms, including
fitness and activity apps; sport, fitness and wellness content; and digital services and features in retail stores that enhance the
consumer experience.
SALES AND MARKETING
We experience moderate fluctuations in aggregate sales volume during the year. Historically, revenues in the first and fourth
fiscal quarters have slightly exceeded those in the second and third fiscal quarters. However, the mix of product sales may vary
considerably as a result of changes in seasonal and geographic demand for particular types of footwear, apparel and equipment,
as well as other macroeconomic, strategic, operating and logistics-related factors.
Because NIKE is a consumer products company, the relative popularity and availability of various sports and fitness activities, as
well as changing design trends, affect the demand for our products. We must, therefore, respond to trends and shifts in consumer
preferences by adjusting the mix of existing product offerings, developing new products, styles and categories and influencing
sports and fitness preferences through extensive marketing. Failure to respond in a timely and adequate manner could have a
material adverse effect on our sales and profitability. This is a continuing risk. Refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors.
OUR MARKETS
We report our NIKE Brand operations based on our internal geographic organization. Each NIKE Brand geographic segment
operates predominantly in one industry: the design, development, marketing and selling of athletic footwear, apparel and
equipment. The Company's reportable operating segments for the NIKE Brand are: North America; Europe, Middle East & Africa
("EMEA"); Greater China; and Asia Pacific & Latin America ("APLA"), and include results for the NIKE and Jordan brands. Sales
through our NIKE Direct operations are managed within each geographic operating segment.
Converse is also a reportable operating segment and operates predominately in one industry: the design, marketing, licensing
and selling of casual sneakers, apparel and accessories. Converse direct to consumer operations, including digital commerce,
are reported within the Converse operating segment results.
UNITED STATES MARKET
For fiscal 2023, NIKE Brand and Converse sales in the United States accounted for approximately 43% of total revenues,
compared to 40% and 39% for fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021, respectively. We sell our products to thousands of retail accounts in
the United States, including a mix of footwear stores, sporting goods stores, athletic specialty stores, department stores, skate,
tennis and golf shops and other retail accounts. In the United States, we utilize NIKE sales offices to solicit such sales. During
fiscal 2023, our three largest United States customers accounted for approximately 22% of sales in the United States.
Our NIKE Direct and Converse direct to consumer operations sell our products to consumers through various digital platforms. In
addition, our NIKE Direct and Converse direct to consumer operations sell products through the following number of retail stores
in the United States:
In the United States, NIKE has eight significant distribution centers. Refer to Item 2. Properties for further information.
2
NIKE, INC.

SALES AND MARKETING

OUR MARKETS

UNITED STATES MARKET
| U.S. RETAIL STORES | NUMBER |
| NIKE Brand factory stores | 213 |
| NIKE Brand in-line stores (including employee-only stores) | 74 |
| Converse stores (including factory stores) | 82 |
| TOTAL | 369 |

Page number: 2
INTERNATIONAL MARKETS
For fiscal 2023, non-U.S. NIKE Brand and Converse sales accounted for approximately 57% of total revenues, compared to 60%
and 61% for fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021, respectively. We sell our products to retail accounts through our own NIKE Direct
operations and through a mix of independent distributors, licensees and sales representatives around the world. We sell to
thousands of retail accounts and ship products from 67 distribution centers outside of the United States. Refer to Item 2.
Properties for further information on distribution facilities outside of the United States. During fiscal 2023, NIKE's three largest
customers outside of the United States accounted for approximately 14% of total non-U.S. sales.
In addition to NIKE-owned and Converse-owned digital commerce platforms in over 40 countries, our NIKE Direct and Converse
direct to consumer businesses operate the following number of retail stores outside the United States:
SIGNIFICANT CUSTOMER
No customer accounted for 10% or more of our consolidated net Revenues during fiscal 2023.
PRODUCT RESEARCH, DESIGN AND DEVELOPMENT
We believe our research, design and development efforts are key factors in our success. Technical innovation in the design and
manufacturing process of footwear, apparel and athletic equipment receives continued emphasis as we strive to produce
products that help to enhance athletic performance, reduce injury and maximize comfort, while decreasing our environmental
impact.
In addition to our own staff of specialists in the areas of biomechanics, chemistry, exercise physiology, engineering, digital
technologies, industrial design, sustainability and related fields, we also utilize research committees and advisory boards made
up of athletes, coaches, trainers, equipment managers, orthopedists, podiatrists, physicians and other experts who consult with
us and review certain designs, materials and concepts for product and manufacturing, design and other process improvements
and compliance with product safety regulations around the world. Employee athletes, athletes engaged under sports marketing
contracts and other athletes wear-test and evaluate products during the design and development process.
As we continue to develop new technologies, we are simultaneously focused on the design of innovative products and
experiences incorporating such technologies throughout our product categories and consumer applications. Using market
intelligence and research, our various design teams identify opportunities to leverage new technologies in existing categories to
respond to consumer preferences. The proliferation of Nike Air, Zoom, Free, Dri-FIT, Flyknit, FlyEase, ZoomX, Air Max, React and
Forward technologies, among others, typifies our dedication to designing innovative products.
MANUFACTURING
Nearly all of our footwear and apparel products are manufactured outside the United States by independent manufacturers
("contract manufacturers"), many of which operate multiple factories. We are also supplied, primarily indirectly, by a number of
materials, or "Tier 2" suppliers, who provide the principal materials used in footwear and apparel finished goods products. As of
May 31, 2023, we had 146 strategic Tier 2 suppliers.
As of May 31, 2023, our contract manufacturers operated 123 finished goods footwear factories located in 11 countries. For fiscal
2023, NIKE Brand footwear finished goods were manufactured by 15 contract manufacturers, many of which operate multiple
factories. The largest single finished goods footwear factory accounted for approximately 9% of total fiscal 2023 NIKE Brand
footwear production. For fiscal 2023, factories in Vietnam, Indonesia and China manufactured approximately 50%, 27% and 18%
of total NIKE Brand footwear, respectively. For fiscal 2023, four footwear contract manufacturers each accounted for greater than
10% of footwear production and in the aggregate accounted for approximately 58% of NIKE Brand footwear production.
As of May 31, 2023, our contract manufacturers operated 291 finished goods apparel factories located in 31 countries. For fiscal
2023, NIKE Brand apparel finished goods were manufactured by 55 contract manufacturers, many of which operate multiple
factories. The largest single finished goods apparel factory accounted for approximately 8% of total fiscal 2023 NIKE Brand
apparel production. For fiscal 2023, factories in Vietnam, China and Cambodia manufactured approximately 29%, 18% and 16%
2023 FORM 10-K 3

INTERNATIONAL MARKETS

SIGNIFICANT CUSTOMER

PRODUCT RESEARCH, DESIGN AND DEVELOPMENT

MANUFACTURING
| NON-U.S. RETAIL STORES | NUMBER |
| NIKE Brand factory stores | 560 |
| NIKE Brand in-line stores (including employee-only stores) | 49 |
| Converse stores (including factory stores) | 54 |
| TOTAL | 663 |
of total NIKE Brand apparel, respectively. For fiscal 2023, one apparel contract manufacturer accounted for more than 10% of
apparel production, and the top five contract manufacturers in the aggregate accounted for approximately 52% of NIKE Brand
apparel production.
NIKE's contract manufacturers buy raw materials for the manufacturing of our footwear, apparel and equipment products. Most
raw materials are available and purchased by those contract manufacturers in the countries where manufacturing takes place.
The principal materials used in our footwear products are natural and synthetic rubber, plastic compounds, foam cushioning
materials, natural and synthetic leather, nylon, polyester and natural fiber textiles, as well as polyurethane films used to make
NIKE Air-Sole cushioning components. During fiscal 2023, Air Manufacturing Innovation, a wholly-owned subsidiary, with facilities
near Beaverton, Oregon, in Dong Nai Province, Vietnam, and St. Charles, Missouri, as well as contract manufacturers in China
and Vietnam, were our suppliers of NIKE Air-Sole cushioning components used in footwear.
The principal materials used in our apparel products are natural and synthetic fabrics, yarns and threads (both virgin and
recycled); specialized performance fabrics designed to efficiently wick moisture away from the body, retain heat and repel rain
and/or snow; and plastic and metal hardware.
In fiscal 2023, we experienced ongoing supply chain volatility during the first part of the year, which improved gradually during the
course of the year. We also experienced higher supply chain network costs primarily due to inflationary pressures during the year.
Despite competition for certain materials during fiscal 2023, contract manufacturers were able to source sufficient quantities of
raw materials for use in our footwear and apparel products. Refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors, for additional discussion of the impact
of sourcing risks on our business.
Since 1972, Sojitz Corporation of America ("Sojitz America"), a large Japanese trading company and the sole owner of our
redeemable preferred stock, has performed import-export financing services for us.
INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS AND TRADE
Our international operations and sources of supply are subject to the usual risks of doing business abroad, such as the
implementation of, or potential changes in, foreign and domestic trade policies, increases in import duties, anti-dumping
measures, quotas, safeguard measures, trade restrictions, restrictions on the transfer of funds and, in certain parts of the world,
political tensions, instability, conflicts, nationalism and terrorism, and resulting sanctions and other measures imposed in
response to such issues. We have not, to date, been materially affected by any such risk but cannot predict the likelihood of such
material effects occurring in the future.
In recent years, uncertain global and regional economic and political conditions have affected international trade and increased
protectionist actions around the world. These trends are affecting many global manufacturing and service sectors, and the
footwear and apparel industries, as a whole, are not immune. Companies in our industry are facing trade protectionism in many
different regions, and, in nearly all cases, we are working together with industry groups to address trade issues and reduce the
impact to the industry, while observing applicable competition laws. Notwithstanding our efforts, protectionist measures have
resulted in increases in the cost of our products, and additional measures, if implemented, could adversely affect sales and/or
profitability for NIKE, as well as the imported footwear and apparel industry as a whole.
We monitor protectionist trends and developments throughout the world that may materially impact our industry, and we engage
in administrative and judicial processes to mitigate trade restrictions. We are actively monitoring actions that may result in
additional anti-dumping measures and could affect our industry. We are also monitoring for and advocating against other
impediments that may limit or delay customs clearance for imports of footwear, apparel and equipment. NIKE also advocates for
trade liberalization for footwear and apparel in a number of bilateral and multilateral free trade agreements. Changes in, and
responses to, U.S. trade policies, including the imposition of tariffs or penalties on imported goods or retaliatory measures by
other countries, have negatively affected, and could in the future negatively affect, U.S. corporations, including NIKE, with
business operations and/or consumer markets in those countries, which could also make it necessary for us to change the way
we conduct business, either of which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or our results of operations.
In addition, with respect to proposed trade restrictions, we work with a broad coalition of global businesses and trade
associations representing a wide variety of sectors to help ensure that any legislation enacted and implemented (i) addresses
legitimate and core concerns, (ii) is consistent with international trade rules and (ii) reflects and considers domestic economies
and the important role they may play in the global economic community.
Where trade protection measures are implemented, we believe we have the ability to develop, over a period of time, adequate
alternative sources of supply for the products obtained from our present suppliers. If events prevented us from acquiring products
from our suppliers in a particular country, our operations could be temporarily disrupted and we could experience an adverse
financial impact. However, we believe we could abate any such disruption, and that much of the adverse impact on supply would,
therefore, be of a short-term nature, although alternate sources of supply might not be as cost-effective and could have an
ongoing adverse impact on profitability.
4
NIKE, INC.

INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS AND TRADE

Page number: 4
Our international operations are also subject to compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the "FCPA"), and other
anti-bribery laws applicable to our operations. We source a significant portion of our products from, and have important consumer
markets, outside of the United States. We have an ethics and compliance program to address compliance with the FCPA and
similar laws by us, our employees, agents, suppliers and other partners. Refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors for additional information
on risks relating to our international operations.
COMPETITION
The athletic footwear, apparel and equipment industry is highly competitive on a worldwide basis. We compete internationally with
a significant number of athletic and leisure footwear companies, athletic and leisure apparel companies, sports equipment
companies and large companies having diversified lines of athletic and leisure footwear, apparel and equipment, including
adidas, Anta, ASICS, Li Ning, lululemon athletica, New Balance, Puma, Under Armour and V.F. Corporation, among others. The
intense competition and the rapid changes in technology and consumer preferences in the markets for athletic and leisure
footwear and apparel and athletic equipment constitute significant risk factors in our operations. Refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors
for additional information.
NIKE is the largest seller of athletic footwear and apparel in the world. Important aspects of competition in this industry are:
● Product attributes such as quality; performance and reliability; new product style, design, innovation and development; as
well as consumer price/value.
• Consumer connection, engagement and affinity for brands and products, developed through marketing, promotion and
digital experiences; social media interaction; customer support and service; identification with prominent and influential
athletes, influencers, public figures, coaches, teams, colleges and sports leagues who endorse our brands and use our
products and active engagement through sponsored sporting events and clinics.
● Effective sourcing and distribution of products, with attractive merchandising and presentation at retail, both in-store and on
digital platforms.
We believe that we are competitive in all of these areas.
TRADEMARKS AND PATENTS
We believe that our intellectual property rights are important to our brand, our success and our competitive position. We
strategically pursue available protections of these rights and vigorously protect them against third-party theft and infringement.
We use trademarks on nearly all of our products and packaging, and in our marketing materials, and believe having distinctive
marks that are readily identifiable is an important factor in creating a market for our goods, in identifying our brands and the
Company, and in distinguishing our goods from the goods of others. We consider our NIKE and Swoosh Design trademarks to be
among our most valuable assets and we have registered these trademarks in over 190 jurisdictions worldwide. In addition, we
own many other trademarks that we use in marketing our products. We own common law rights in the trade dress of several
distinctive shoe designs and elements. For certain trade dress, we have sought and obtained trademark registrations.
We have copyright protection in our designs, graphics, software applications, digital goods and other original works. When
appropriate, we also obtain registered copyrights.
We file for, own and maintain many U.S. and foreign utility and design patents protecting components, technologies, materials,
manufacturing techniques, features, functionality, and industrial designs used in and for the manufacture of various athletic,
performance, and leisure footwear and apparel, including physical and digital versions thereof, athletic equipment, and digital
devices, and related software applications. These patents expire at various times.
We believe our success depends upon our capabilities in areas such as design, research and development, production and
marketing and is supported and protected by our intellectual property rights, such as trademarks, utility and design patents,
copyrights, and trade secrets, among others.
We have followed a policy of applying for and registering intellectual property rights in the United States and select foreign
countries on trademarks, inventions, innovations and designs that we deem valuable. We also continue to vigorously protect our
intellectual property, including trademarks, patents and trade secrets against third-party infringement and misappropriation.
2023 FORM 10-K 5

COMPETITION

TRADEMARKS AND PATENTS
HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES
At NIKE, we consider the strength and effective management of our workforce to be essential to the ongoing success of our
business. We believe that it is important to attract, develop and retain a diverse and engaged workforce at all levels of our
business and that such a workforce fosters creativity and accelerates innovation. We are focused on building an increasingly
diverse talent pipeline that reflects our consumers, athletes and the communities we serve.
CULTURE
Each employee shapes NIKE's culture through behaviors and practices. This starts with our Maxims, which represent our core
values and, along with our Code of Conduct, feature the fundamental behaviors that help anchor, inform and guide us and apply
to all employees. Our mission is to bring inspiration and innovation to every athlete in the world, which includes the belief that if
you have a body, you are an athlete. We aim to do this by creating groundbreaking sport innovations, making our products more
sustainably, building a creative and diverse global team, supporting the well-being of our employees and making a positive impact
in communities where we live and work. Our mission is aligned with our deep commitment to maintaining an environment where
all NIKE employees have the opportunity to reach their full potential, to connect to our brands and to shape our workplace
culture. We believe providing for growth and retention of our employees is essential in fostering such a culture and are dedicated
to giving access to training programs and career development opportunities, including trainings on NIKE's values, history and
business, trainings on developing leadership skills at all levels, tools and resources for managers and qualified tuition
reimbursement opportunities.
As part of our commitment to empowering our employees to help shape our culture, we source employee feedback through our
Engagement Survey program, including several corporate pulse surveys. The program provides every employee throughout the
globe an opportunity to provide confidential feedback on key areas known to drive employee engagement, including their
satisfaction with their managers, their work and the Company generally. The program also measures our employees' emotional
commitment to NIKE as well as NIKE's culture of diversity, equity and inclusion. NIKE also provides multiple points of contact for
employees to speak up if they experience something that does not align with our values or otherwise violates our workplace
policies, even if they are uncertain what they observed or heard is a violation of company policy.
As part of our commitment to make a positive impact on our communities, we maintain a goal of investing 2% of our prior fiscal
year's pre-tax income into global communities. The focus of this investment continues to be inspiring kids to be active through
play and sport as well as uniting and inspiring communities to create a better and more equitable future for all. Our community
investments are an important part of our culture in that we also support employees in giving back to community organizations
through donations and volunteering, which are matched by the NIKE Foundation where eligible.
EMPLOYEE BASE
As of May 31, 2023, we had approximately 83,700 employees worldwide, including retail and part-time employees. We also
utilize independent contractors and temporary personnel to supplement our workforce.
None of our employees are represented by a union, except certain employees in the EMEA and APLA geographies are members
of and/or represented by trade unions, as allowed or required by local law and/or collective bargaining agreements. Also, in some
countries outside of the United States, local laws require employee representation by works councils (which may be entitled to
information and consultation on certain subsidiary decisions) or by organizations similar to a union. In certain European countries,
we are required by local law to enter into, and/or comply with, industry-wide or national collective bargaining agreements. NIKE
has never experienced a material interruption of operations due to labor disagreements.
DIVERSITY, EQUITY AND INCLUSION
Diversity, equity and inclusion ("DE&I") is a strategic priority for NIKE and we are committed to having an increasingly diverse
team and culture. We aim to foster an inclusive and accessible workplace through recruitment, development and retention of
diverse talent with the goal of expanding representation across all dimensions of diversity over the long term. We remain
committed to the targets announced in fiscal 2021 for the Company to work toward by fiscal 2025, including increasing
representation of women in our global corporate workforce and leadership positions, as well as increasing representation of U.S.
racial and ethnic minorities in our U.S. corporate workforce and at the Director level and above.
We continue to enhance our efforts to recruit diverse talent through our traditional channels and through initiatives, such as
partnerships with athletes and sports-related organizations to create apprenticeship programs and new partnerships with
organizations, colleges and universities that serve diverse populations. Additionally, we are prioritizing DE&I education so that all
NIKE employees and leaders have the cultural awareness and understanding to lead inclusively and build diverse and inclusive
teams. We also have Employee Networks, collectively known as NikeUNITED, representing various employee groups.
6
NIKE, INC.

HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES

CULTURE

EMPLOYEE BASE

DIVERSITY, EQUITY AND INCLUSION

Page number: 6
